Welcome back to the course.
So in this lecture give me real quick.
I'm going to show you how you can use and handle images in your wireframe.
Pinocchio makes it relatively simple.
They use image handlers just the same way that Paul Sammak uses them the same way as pretty much any
other prototyping wire framing tool I've used uses them.
There's multiple ways of going about them and I'll show you really quickly how you would bring in some
images into this.
Now keep in mind when you're making low fidelity wireframe you're not really going to be focusing on
bringing in images.
I would only bring them in if you really thought they could help you.
I really thought they could help explain what's supposed to go in an area otherwise typically what I
like to do is just use an image placeholder and put text over it.
So what I would do is say like logo and that is enough to convey to the designer or the developer what's
supposed to go there.
If you don't want to do that and you do you want incorporate something.
Again I say be careful about this because if you bring in say like a well-designed logo into your logo
spot in the rest of it has this weird sketch style people are going to have a very strange response
to the wireframe so I usually you say pick one or the other low fidelity High Fidelity and stick with
it.
But if you wanted to do it for whatever reason there's one way of doing it you know you can take image
out of your coarse pencils and the left hand side and right here this is an image placeholder so I have
to do is double click it and then I can drag and put in really any image I want.
I can keep it on this placeholder.
I can say grab a picture of my face and use that.
There you go.
So now it's there and it then operates like any other element.
I can tell it to be a clickable link to go somewhere else I can add a border I can mess with the sizes
I can get a tool tip which can be rather helpful to remind you of what you're doing but also when you
output this.
There's several techniques for outputting your wireframe in the system where people actually be able
be able to put their mouse over and see a tool tip you can leave notes here just for yourself.
Then they can do pretty much anything else with it that I wanted to control the way or I can lock it
locking it means that if I lock it it'll stop me from being able to move it.
See all of a sudden it's baked into the background.
Then I can unlock it.
That's helpful if you're doing a lot of moving of elements.
And a lot of copying and pasting.
And you really don't want to mess with a certain section over and over again.
And you know it's not going to change just lock it.
OK so that's one way of importing images.
Another way is by actually just going down to my images down here.
And then you can just upload it that way and then all of a sudden you have all of these stored.
So anything I've been uploading will have it easy access so for some reason I was really narcissistic
and I want to put my face like everywhere I am.
Trust me I'm not really that narcissistic.
Then I would be really easy to just grab it over there and then see myself.
There's another way of using images.
It's a little bit different.
And so if you wanted to say use a background image and you wanted that to take the place of this white
grid system so what you can do is you can go up to the selector for your page and background image you
select image what is going to do is it just a little going to pay something in the background.
So what I did to explain this point would be like I use Yelp and I took a screenshot of Yelp and then
I use that as my background.
Now why would I want to do this.
One reason why you'd want to do this is if you say we're making wire frames to explain changes to an
already existing page you're making in that case what you do is you take the background you put it back
there and then you put your elements on top of it to show like I'm changing this and you'd wiped out
some areas you'd wiped them out by using basic rectangles and then white color with their border to
cover them up.
That's one way of doing it as opposed to like recreating the entire page to show that you're changing
something.
It's also helpful if you for instance have elements on a page that you want to use or say there's a
lot of things about that Web site that you want to emulate.
What I typically would then do is take the background put it in there you go.
And now all of a sudden I have these like rough guidelines that I can use to make my wire frames.
So to give you an example so I just undo a phone to get rid of that.
Let's create a clone.
Actually we will just create a new page up here go to pages new a new page and our new page will use
the background.
OK so now we have the background so let's say I wanted to copy something on here then or I could just
do is start dropping elements into the page like logo goes here.
I like you know the spacing that they use.
I could then put Let's make a header at the head right here so I can match it exactly to the number
of pixels they use.
If it's going to automatically snap to grid lines.
So if you want it to be more exact You're presuming it's just like Photoshop in that regard.
OK.
There you go.
So then I'd like cover it up.
You might have to zoom out to get the way over OK.
And then obviously make sure that you put a note here like this is to match yelps Hetter.
Then what I could do in order to see that logo you would just push this into the background.
So I would make sure that you're selecting the right element that actually can be rather tricky.
See what I'm doing is it's making me grab the background.
So what I would do is like pick it up move it just ever so slightly.
And you know you're using it smoothed back.
That's going to put the other one in front of it.
There we go.
OK so now I have you.
I've stolen the dimensions of you.
Basically if that's whatever I wanted to do.
But I mean I could also use it to help match this search style button style etc..
Well like if I wanted to use that button style I just do this in Aetate it just ever so slightly so
that I could literally just put the symbol over it.
It's in the tool bar.
You know something like that.
And then you need to modify the size so slightly.
So I guess going can be exact but remember this is the point of a low fidelity wireframe is not to look
exactly what it's supposed to look like it's just supposed to be visual communication tool.
And then honestly what you do is you annotate that and the next lecture also hated you our stations
but that is one way that you would do it if you're someone who's really picky about the grid lines just
when you worry about it.
So that's another way of handling images.
Those are pretty much covers pretty much anything you'd ever want to do.
There's one other thing and I won't include it into the this lecture because I find this rather helpful.
Let's go back to our welcome page
what you can do as opposed to using say like an image placeholder and I found this pretty helpful instead
of using that you can use this called this freehand drawing tool.
Now what I would use this for in any situation where I think I have some rough idea of what it should
look like is just drop it in here and then use my mouse to just sketch what I think should be in the
box.
Now that's really helpful because say I'm making a mockup and I have a name you know like my mobile
app for happy hours.
What I would guess is you know to give some kind of an inclination to whoever is looking at it this
is my logo and I kind of have a basic idea of how I want it to look.
I could attempt to make something here and scratch it in.
And then your designer or whoever is looking at it later will take some inference from that and they'll
say oh OK I see were roughly what they think I should go with in terms of the logo what it should look
like should just be letters to be an icon should it be
a beer mug.
Oh there you go.
That roughly looks like beer maybe.
And you know I'm happy hours so something like that.
I personally like that's a nice little touch.
It's incredibly hard to draw with your mouse but sometimes that can be quite helpful.
A lot of times you can't find an icon to or an image that works perfectly.
You're kind of in a rush so you just sort up there scatter like kind of scratch it in.
Remember this is a low fidelity wireframe so that's perfectly acceptable.
And no one is looking at this thinking that this is like your finished final finished product.
No one's going to really care.
And it's actually quite helpful though when you do go get a logo designed.
So yeah that's basically how you handle images backgrounds and freehand sketches in the next lecture.
I'm going to talk about global layers.
How do you use layers to save a ton of time.
How to master that section.
And then in the next lecture I want to show you how to do notation.
So I'll see in the next lecture.